	         | Brainstorming | Writing the document

Arda Karaçal            YES                YES

Önder Kemal Ceylan      YES                YES

Baturalp İskenderoğlu   YES                YES

Mustafa Umut Kaymaz     YES                YES



Table of Contents

	Quality Assurance Strategy

		Overview

		Testing Methodologies

			Unit Testing

			Integration Testing

			Validation Testing

			Usability Testing

			Performance Testing

			Acceptance Testing

		Automated vs. Manual Testing

	Quality Factors & Metrics

		Performance

		Usability

		Scalability

		Maintainability

	Test Plan

		Test Cases

		Bug Tracking




1. Quality Assurance Strategy

Overview:

Testing and QA will be approached with the following 2 rules:

1) Quality Practices:

Code reviews, test cases, documentation and user/developer feedback will be used.

2) Continuous Improvement:

Tests will be regulary updated and issuses will be fixed as the project continues and more code is written.


Testing Methodologies:

-Unit Testing:

Testing individual methods,classes or functions seperately to ensure each part works as intended.

-Integration Testing:

Verifying that multiple modules or systems work together properly.

-Validation Testing:

Checking if critical test cases given by developers who wrote/know the code give the desired product.

-Usability Testing:

Evaluating the interface and overall user experience, ensuring the system is easy to navigate and understand.

-Performance Testing:
Measures the speed, responsiveness, and stability of the system to ensure it performs well in real-world scenarios.

-Acceptance Testing:

The final validation where stakeholders(in this case it is the instructor) verify that the complete system meets their needs and requirements before it’s launched.


Automated vs. Manual Testing:

-Automated Testing: Every module in the project function other than run_gui() function will be tested by testX.py(e.g. test.py, test1.py, test2.py) modules and each module will use pytest library for automated test
-Manual Testing: run_gui() function and relevant functions with GUI will be tested manually



2. Quality Factors & Metrics


Quality Factor	      		|	      Description	      	|	      	Measurement Metric	      	|

Performance             	The haste and efficiency of how the	  Average time for system responses
		        	system processes comparisons and loads	  
				data				  

Usability	        	The ease of the users navigating 	  User satisfaction gathered with feedback				  		
				and understanding the interface 
				and/or surveys 
								  	
Scalability   	        	The ability to handle increased load	  Testing results of changed inputs, Performance 
				or larger/changed dataframes		  under stress					

Maintainability     		The ease of updating and debugging the	  Code complexity score (e.g., Cyclomatic
									  Complexity) system over time


3. Test Plan

Test Cases:

NOT: Beklenen outputlar yani fiyatlar demo tarihine kadar değişebildiği için output almak için gereken adımlar yazıldı ve net bir fiyat yazılmadı...

- TOBB Üniversitesinin Google Maps adresi, Öncü Döner, Tavuk Döner Menü x 1, Bütün platformlardaki indirim (varsa) uygulanmış fiyatların verilmesi (Expected -> MigrosYemek: 240.00 TL, Yemeksepeti: 200.00 TL, Getir: 239.90 TL)  

- 1. test casedeki yemeğin miktarını arttırarak (x2, x3, vb.) farklı indirimler almak (Örneğin getirde bulunan tok indiriminin aktifleşmesi) (Expected -> Tavuk Döner Menü x 2 (Getir): 479.80 TL, Tok indirimiyle son fiyat: 329.80 TL)

- 1. ve 2. test case'de test edilen kısımların başka restoranlarda test edilmesi (McDonalds, KFC, vb.)
(Expected -> McDonalds, BigMac Menü => MigrosYemek: 325.00 TL, Yemeksepeti: 325.00 TL, Getir: 325.00 TL)

- Testi yapılan restorandan birinin favori olarak eklenmesi ve sistemi tekrar çalıştırarak favorilerden istenen fiyatlara ulaşılması (Expected -> McDonalds için favori kutusunun işaretlenmesi ve favori.csv'de belirmesi)

- Eklenen favorinin kaldırılması, sistemin tekrar çalıştırılması ve başka bir favorinin eklenmesi (Expected -> McDonalds'ın favori kutusuyla silinmesi ve Öncü Döner'in favorilere eklenmesi)  

Bug Tracking:

Bugs encountered will be reported to other developers who will track and fix the mentioned bug in Github or Whatsapp (both tracking and reporting will be done by these 2 apps, fixing and debugging will be done in VSCode or wherever the code was written)